
1. Explain the basic rules of CSS specificity.
specificity is the means by which browsers decide which CSS property values are the most relevant to an element and, therefore, will be applied.
If two CSS selectors apply to the same element, the one with higher specificity is used.The rules includes:

a. Equal specificity: the latest or Last rule counts - If the same rule is written twice into the external style sheet or applied to the same element, 
then the lower rule or the one that comes last is the one that will be used.

b. ID selectors have a higher specificity than attribute selectors, Class selectors, Type selectors.

c.Inline styles (styles added to an HTML element) always override any styles declared in an internal or external style sheet. 
  These are generally not good practice as it's best to define all of your styles in one place.

d. A class selector beats any number of element selectors - a class selector such as .green beats h1, p, div, etc.

e. The universal selector and inherited values have a specificity of 0.

2. Explain the three(3) main ways to apply CSS styles to a web page.

a. Internal or Embedded Style Sheet: Internal or embedded CSS is included within the HTML document. It requires you to add <style> element
   in the <head> section of your HTML document.

b. External Style Sheets: In external style sheets, the web pages is linked  to an external .css file, which can be created by any text editor in your device.
   This CSS type is a more efficient method, especially for styling a large website. By editing one .css file, you can change your entire site at once.

c. Inline Style Sheets: Inline style sheets is used to style a specific HTML element. For this CSS style, you’ll only need to add the style attribute 
   to each HTML element, without using selectors.This CSS type is not really recommended, as each HTML tag needs to be styled individually. 
   Managing your website may become too hard if you only use inline CSS. However, inline CSS in HTML can be useful in some situations. For example, 
  in cases where you don’t have access to CSS files or need to apply styles for a single element only.

3. Explain the 3 main way to target an element.

a. By tag, e.g. you can target the body or p or span.(Type selector)

b. By the class you have specified in your HTML element . For example, if you have a H1 element with the class green you can target it with .green (Class selector)

c. By the ID you have specified in your HTML element. For example, if you have a element with the ID name button you can target it with #button.
   IDs should be unique, meaning that there should never be more than one element with a particular ID on a page. (ID selector)


